---
title: The end is closer than the start
date: 2018-01-21T20:56:11+00:00
---
I'm glad that's finally over. As I mentioned last week I had the joy of having all my exams crammed into one week, making preparing for them a logistical nightmare. My only solace for them was that they alternated between morning and afternoon, meaning I had a bit of a gap between each one to do some last minute cramming. Although whilst on that subject, am I the only one who despises afternoon exams? I always like to get up in the morning, go and sit the exam so that it is out of the way and I have the rest of the day to relax/prepare for the next one. When you have them in the afternoon, you feel like you have to revise only that exam in the morning, and most of the time you end up not doing that because you don't want to use all your energy. This was particularly annoying with my final one on Friday, which was a multiple choice exam that was only an hour long and therefore there is only so much you can do to prepare for it. However, this was scheduled for 3:30 pm, which meant I sat there for most of the day twiddling my thumbs, knowing that an hour sat between me and freedom but that hour was far away.

Obviously once finished there was a bit of a post exam celebration. Nothing too fancy, just a group of us at someones house, but of course there was some alcohol involved. I took my trusty rum and coke (which was somehow still fizzy after being open for 3 months) and throughout the course of the evening witnessed myself get into a _slightly_ intoxicated state, which ended up with me sending the standard incomprehensible texts that were sent back to me in the morning to haunt me.

This moment marked something else other than just the end of exams for me and many other people. For those who are on 3 year courses like myself, it means we have officially hit the halfway marker. To be honest I still can't quite comprehend the fact that I am now closer to the end of my degree than I am from the start, where has that time gone? I still remember vividly the day of moving in during freshers, full of nerves about living away from home for the first time and not knowing anybody. The last year and a half have been the most enjoyable (and sometimes most stressful) time of my life, and I wouldn't trade it in. But this signals that the end isn't really that far off, as I know the second half is going to fly by as much as the first did. It is slightly petrifying that the true world of adult life and work is drawing ever closer, and I still feel like I'm not entirely prepared for it yet. I that my internship during the summer will help me gain confidence in this regard, but is still a scary thought nonetheless.

Now that the exams are over, I have a week of to myself to relax a bit before the second half of the year commences. This will probably be spent with a couple of outings with some friends and some Netflix binges, but who knows. For those who have had exams I hope they went well and for those with some still to come I wish you the best of luck for them.

-- Dan
